Register UI interfaces and remove non-essential $run() arguments (#598)
rstudio/plumber: NEWS.md

  API were using encrypted cookies and an attacker knew the encryption key in
  order to craft arbitrary cookies. (#325)

### Breaking changes

* Plumber's OpenAPI Specification is now defined using
  [OpenAPI 3](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/3.0.3.md),
  upgrading from Swagger Specification. (#365)

> * Plumber router `$run()` method arguments `swagger`, `swaggerCallback` and `...` deprecated. User interface and url callback are now enabled by default and managed through Plumber router `$set_ui()` method and option `plumber.ui`. (@meztez, #562)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plumber router `$run()` method arguments `swagger`, `swaggerCallback` and `debug` are now deprecated. User interface and url callback are now enabled by default and managed through Plumber router `$set_ui()`, `$set_ui_callback()`, and `$set_debug()` methods and options `plumber.ui` and `plumber.ui.callback`. (@meztez, #562)
```
